{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27380\viewh16700\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Many decisions expose the results to criticism. First and foremost, the set of features might reflect the set where we found\
\'93significant\'94 effects (if we are to find some). How can we justify that we expect languages to be adapt on neighbouring\
languages specifically on those features? \
This problem carries on if we are to make specific subsets such that imputation is possible. We might as well have chosen\
the subsets such that the effects are \'93significant\'94, and discarded languages for that purpose. As long as there\
is no straightforward algorithm that automatizes the subsetization and elimination of languages such that imputation works, \
we can not really counter this claim (except for, we set up a study protocol before we look at any results).\
\
This adds up to that the analysis and interpretation will be very extensive. If we are to use different methods of imputation and\
analysis, we will end up with a manifold of equally trustworthy results, very likely contradicting themselves. It will be difficult\
to provide a straightforward description of the methodology such that an unacquainted reader can criticize the results,\
because the amount of theory will be overwhelming. \
pRDA AND imputation are themselves not straightforward methods and actually require visual inspection (recommended by the authors). \
pRDA furthermore requires a discussion about the proportion of explained variance vs. unexplained variance if there is a large discrepancy between the predicted\
and observed responses. As far as I can tell e have this issue and it is not trivial as we might miss crucial information. \
\
It has also to be added that there are ways down the road other than distance based pRDA, such as normal pRDA.\
The distances for db pRDA can be calculated by different means, and there are even different ways to test significance,\
which one would ideally do as well.\
\
I want to stress that it is absolutely not easy to decide for one method, or rather path. \
The current approach that we are taking, namely try out (all?) alternatives, will eventually lead to an explosion of  results. \
Again, if we are restricting ourselves, it might be very difficult to justify as why we are taking one method over the other.\
\
To summarize, using pRDA is not straightforward where one has one dataset, but we are facing the possibility\
that we have to analyze multiple datasets. Also, we are not really applying pRDA in a traditional way, which\
will require further justification.}